jani kazaltzis
good evening everyone who is the jamaican capital
and I have promised this year for more than fourteen years to go a little less hard for July
I did not have a suitcase to comment anymore and I am going there
hold on
sorry my wife who called 80s and they want them
outtv utrecht
that is my goal to check cabana from the file and make the caravan
house of pain
that finds the rebellion I have all is no more problems but now
work time for a short sick bed
I have to say such things you know I will continue your 2 tip atmosphere
the first is top with buy clothes in the three buys
and secondly
church occasionally come to my programs lots of tips in all of them
could use a very good one
like here for example this lady it is a beautiful beautiful lady
but she looks a bit pressed into the field in her clothes
if you are so sick it is exactly novels i have that stoker to follow
over the years I do see the solution was very constitutional
I am you to reform that benefit 2 three
that is also much better
and this time they set themselves on fire for that I can sail them again but they can
people
what we still have here
but those guys like me don't see all those color combinations
want to hurt people
really
here also madam madam madam
I could really say anything that if only they said the best
two former employees receive a free restart
and yes
they were all
to learn
people that take more than you should not come you can commit to
below merwede
quite a bit of work trying to turn the tide a little he wants gravity
despite
June 16, 2008 to be fully upgraded if I can feel better
prick get them again there is someone else who suffered bad league from you and his
name is
I am me too
I want to honor honorary cera countdown
and then we all say together we go up again
but p 2 purchasing
a little bit anyway
Of course I will then ask Uefa for things, for example baarn statue
you almost like i have x leo snapshot leo
I don't want you for a year
wants the bradley government help me
year
I have for you there are very nice here is a second cardigans and you get here
but of course he must first measure in measurements before you can if you can
also the martin misiedjan sizes are jacobi yes I have been for years
leo
start measuring their back on track at the front, but then you have to get into a job
I have you put on a few attacks that they people are not going to do now
can see
you'll just come with me
until the couple accept complaints
just sit there
yes pretty 80 years there it is fine but I am going to grab my tape measure
nec circumference let's hope there is enough in a tape measure
prick fine
I was such a horn year but I love you you can't see you
by the light yes
very nice
do nothing
that x 49
49 nec
I still need a belly circumference and were doing the belly circumference
so sir fine nice stay
I see but now something will stand out I stand I need light
great that is
the 97
that now I am suddenly going to get the message right
Hey
great too
great good like that
that it doesn't take okada
I want my relationship there I have I am going to take everything then I don't have to
always walk back and forth
great the ditch
and then I go again to see where you quickly
sheds churches
it is what is that being
it is therefore just see what is that again
scarpa
but if we will soon be visible with those lutes 10
pebbles
pieter share but the cleaning industry and try state makes the rest we go
pick it up again today because
of course I already had
longer respect that I have had style
yes of course i hope it was in the pleasant defense it was what was for me
this I imagine her beautiful jacket grew in between strokes
ap 4 in zeist the x each have your heart you will only be a little nicer
last year
Harmsen in and beautiful for the church you have a nice chair blacks and twitter search
was going to a party
In addition, among the people is that they can see
the applause for leo